capital = 931

set_variable = { 
	var = Diplomats_Var 
	value = 0
}

recruit_character = USB_bernie_sanders_char
recruit_character = USB_joe_biden_char
recruit_character = USB_kamala_harris_char
recruit_character = USB_tim_walz_char
recruit_character = USB_jo_jorgensen_char
recruit_character = USB_mitt_romney_char
recruit_character = USA_ben_hodges_char
recruit_character = USB_michael_bloomberg_char
recruit_character = USB_nicholas_perry_char
recruit_character = USB_AOC_char
recruit_character = USB_RFK_char
recruit_character = USB_Andrew_Yang_char
recruit_character = USB_richard_spencer
recruit_character = USB_joe_biden_officer_char
recruit_character = USB_hunter_biden_char
recruit_character = USB_Warner_Ross_char
recruit_character = AII_PAINE_char #PAINE
recruit_character = AII_LINCOLN_char #LINCOLN
recruit_character = AII_WSHNGTN_char #WSHNGTN
recruit_character = AII_HAL_char #HAL
recruit_character = USB_amy_klobuchar_char
recruit_character = USB_elizabeth_warren_char
recruit_character = USB_beto_o_rourke_char
recruit_character = USB_hillary_clinton_char
recruit_character = USA_pete_buttigeg_char
recruit_character = USA_nikki_haley_char

####### CALIGULA COLLAPSE ######################
recruit_character = NEG_tom_kawczynski
recruit_character = SAT_anthony_fauci
recruit_character = NCY_angus_king
recruit_character = USC_emptiness
recruit_character = CLM_john_bolton_char
recruit_character = LWK_ike_baker_char
recruit_character = BNF_lyman_bishop_char
recruit_character = DUG_biden_ai_prototype_char
recruit_character = TRG_kirk_watson_char
recruit_character = ZOE_tim_walz_char
recruit_character = ATP_shirley_phelps_roper_char
recruit_character = RRR_craig_q_timberlake_char
recruit_character = LOU_robert_abrams_char
recruit_character = FLA_mark_milley_char
recruit_character = WAS_paul_lacamera_char
recruit_character = HUM_lloyd_austin_char
recruit_character = BMF_michael_flynn_char
recruit_character = HWM_vasilios_g_pistolis_char
recruit_character = AYN_helen_pratt_char
recruit_character = TEX_calvin_kroger_char
recruit_character = CAL_marc_austin_char

set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 100
set_stability = 0.45
set_war_support = 0.25

set_country_flag = developed_country

set_technology = {
	## Infantry ##
	
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	infantry_weapons3 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade2 = 1
	infantry_rifle_upgrade3 = 1
	upgraded_infantry_weapons1 = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	support_weapons2 = 1
	support_weapons3 = 1
	night_vision = 1
	night_vision2 = 1
	night_vision3 = 1
	body_armor = 1
	body_armor2 = 1
	body_armor3 = 1
	camouflage = 1
	camouflage2 = 1
	marines = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	tech_rangers = 1
	basic_train = 1
	mechanised_infantry1 = 1
	mechanised_infantry2 = 1
	mechanised_infantry3 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	light_mechanized_infantry2 = 1
	
	## Support Companies ##
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	basic_railway = 1
	forward_operating_base = 1
	
	## Artillery ##
	gw_artillery = 1
	artillery1 = 1
	artillery2 = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	rocket_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	sp_artillery1 = 1
	self_propelled_aa1 = 1
	antitank1 = 1
	antitank2 = 1
	antiair1 = 1
	antiair2 = 1
	antiair3 = 1
	
	## Air ##
	attack_helicopter_1 = 1
	utility_helicopter_1 = 1
	
	## Engineering ##
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	power_plants = 1
	nuclear_reactors = 1
	##nukes = 1
	
	## Industry ##
	basic_machine_tools = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { 
		NOT = { 
			has_dlc = "Man the Guns" 
		} 
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
		improved_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		basic_battleship = 1
		early_carrier = 1
		basic_carrier = 1
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { 
		has_dlc = "Man the Guns" 
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		improved_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		smoke_generator = 1
		sonar = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		improved_airplane_launcher = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_battery = 1
		#basic_secondary_battery = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
	}
}
	
if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		main_battle_tank1 = 1
		main_battle_tank2 = 1
		main_battle_tank3 = 1
		main_battle_tank4 = 1
		light_tank1 = 1
		light_tank2 = 1
		amphibious_tank1 = 1
		amphibious_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
		basic_medium_tank_chassis = 1
		improved_light_tank_chassis = 1
		improved_medium_tank_chassis = 1
		engine_tech_1 = 1
		amphibious_tank_chassis = 1
		amphibious_mechanized_infantry1 = 1
		apds_tech = 1
		heat_tech = 1
		apfsds_tech = 1
		heatfs_tech = 1
		legacy_armor_designs = 1
		engine_tech_2 = 1
	}
}


if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_technology = {
			aa_lmg = 1
			aa_cannon_1 = 1
			aa_hmg = 1
			engines_1 = 1
			engines_2 = 1
			early_bombs = 1
			guided_bombs = 1
			aircraft_construction = 1
			survivability_studies = 1
			iw_small_airframe = 1
			basic_small_airframe = 1
			iw_medium_airframe = 1
			basic_medium_airframe = 1
			iw_large_airframe = 1
			basic_large_airframe = 1
		}
	else = {
		set_technology = {
			CAS1 = 1
			CAS2 = 1
			cv_CAS1 = 1
			cv_CAS2 = 1
			fighter1 = 1
			fighter2 = 1
			fighter3 = 1
			cv_fighter1 = 1
			cv_fighter2 = 1
			cv_fighter3 = 1
			naval_bomber1 = 1
			naval_bomber2 = 1
			naval_bomber3 = 1
			cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
			cv_naval_bomber2 = 1
			cv_naval_bomber3 = 1
			strategic_bomber1 = 1
			strategic_bomber2 = 1
			tactical_bomber1 = 1
			scout_plane1 = 1
			transport_plane2 = 1
		}
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	create_intelligence_agency = yes
}

add_ideas = {
	#Hidden Ideas
	#National Spirits
	USB_uncooperative_military_idea
	USB_inefficient_economy_idea
	USB_lower_restricted_liberties_idea
	USB_low_civilian_unrest_idea
	USB_low_corporate_influence_idea
	USB_air_force_domination_idea
	#Ministers
	USB_kamala_harris_hog
	USB_antony_blinken_for
	USB_janet_yellen_eco
	USB_deb_haaland_sec
	USB_avril_haines_int
	#Laws
	early_mobilization
	high_trade
	medium_taxes
	lower_interest_rates
	medium_welfare
	low_conscription
	high_female_service
	high_supervision
	higher_training
	high_racial_integration
	general_exemptions
	high_safety
	high_race
	high_female
	medium_prison
	low_police
	medium_education
	#Development
	low_poverty
	medium_society
	higher_academic
	higher_farming
	higher_industry
	medium_military
}


set_politics = {	
	ruling_party = social_liberal
	last_election = "2020.11.3"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

set_popularities = {
	social_liberal = 36
	conservative = 18
	market_liberal = 5
	social_democrat = 33
	authoritarian_democrat = 7
	nationalist = 1
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_corporate_influence_var
	value = 0.3
}

#Politics Dynamic Modifier
set_variable = { 
	var = USB_city_scrap_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_politics_political_power_gain_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_politics_stability_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_politics_stability_weekly_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_politics_war_stability_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_politics_party_popularity_stability_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_politics_war_support_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_politics_war_support_weekly_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_politics_conscription_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_politics_mobilization_speed_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_politics_personal_expense_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_politics_communist_drift_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_politics_libertarian_socialist_drift_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_politics_social_democrat_drift_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_politics_social_liberal_drift_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_politics_market_liberal_drift_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_politics_conservative_drift_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_politics_authoritarian_democrat_drift_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_politics_nationalist_drift_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_politics_fascist_drift_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_politics_society_development_monthly_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_politics_poverty_development_monthly_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

#Economic Dynamic Modifier

set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_political_power_gain_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_stability_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
} 
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_stability_weekly_dynamic_var
	value = 0
} 
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_war_support_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
} 
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_war_support_weekly_dynamic_var
	value = 0
} 
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_consumer_goods_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_local_resources_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_global_building_slots_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_research_speed_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_economy_cost_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_trade_laws_cost_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_tax_laws_cost_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_production_factory_max_efficiency_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_production_factory_efficiency_gain_factor_dynamic_var
	value = -0.2
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_production_factory_start_efficiency_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_line_change_production_efficiency_factor_dynamic_var
	value = -0.2
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_production_lack_of_resource_penalty_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_fuel_gain_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_fuel_gain_factor_from_states_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_conversion_cost_civ_to_mil_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_conversion_cost_mil_to_civ_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_production_speed_buildings_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_industrial_capacity_factory_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_industrial_capacity_dockyard_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_military_factory_upkeep_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_dockyard_upkeep_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_production_speed_infrastructure_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_production_speed_industrial_complex_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_production_speed_office_park_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_production_speed_rail_way_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_production_speed_arms_factory_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_production_speed_dockyard_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_production_speed_power_plant_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_production_speed_nuclear_reactor_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_production_speed_energy_farm_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_industrial_development_monthly_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_poverty_development_monthly_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_farming_development_monthly_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_academic_development_monthly_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_society_development_monthly_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_income_growth_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_expense_growth_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_business_value_factor_dynamic_var
	value = -0.1
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_personal_value_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_personal_expense_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_tax_business_rate_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_tax_personal_rate_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_interest_rate_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_economy_inflation_monthly_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

#Military Dynamic Modifier

set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_political_power_gain_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_war_support_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_war_support_weekly_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_weekly_casualties_war_support_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_weekly_convoys_war_support_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_weekly_bombing_war_support_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_experience_gain_army_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_experience_gain_army_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_experience_loss_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_training_time_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_max_command_power_dynamic_var
	value = 20
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_command_power_gain_mult_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_army_org_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_army_org_regain_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_org_loss_when_moving_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_army_strength_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_coordination_bonus_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_land_reinforce_rate_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_max_planning_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_planning_speed_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_max_dig_in_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_dig_in_speed_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_army_morale_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_army_attack_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_army_defence_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_breakthrough_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_army_speed_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_army_core_attack_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_army_core_defence_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_modifier_army_sub_unit_militia_attack_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_modifier_army_sub_unit_militia_defence_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_equipment_capture_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_out_of_supply_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_air_superiority_bonus_in_combat_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_supply_consumption_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_conscription_factor_dynamic_var
	value = -0.35
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_mobilization_speed_dynamic_var
	value = -0.35
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_resistance_decay_on_our_occupied_states_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_resistance_growth_on_our_occupied_states_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_terrain_penalty_reduction_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_acclimatization_hot_climate_gain_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_acclimatization_cold_climate_gain_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_pocket_penalty_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_mobilization_laws_cost_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0.5
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_army_advisor_cost_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_land_doctrine_cost_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_battalion_upkeep_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}
set_variable = {
	var = USB_military_development_monthly_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

#Green New Deal Dynamic Modifier

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gnd_inflation_monthly_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gnd_political_power_gain_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gnd_stability_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gnd_stability_weekly_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gnd_war_support_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gnd_war_support_weekly_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gnd_consumer_goods_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gnd_industrial_capacity_factory_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gnd_industrial_capacity_dockyard_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gnd_production_factory_max_efficiency_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gnd_line_change_production_efficiency_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gnd_production_speed_buildings_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gnd_production_speed_arms_factory_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gnd_production_speed_industrial_complex_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gnd_research_speed_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gnd_compliance_growth_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gnd_resistance_growth_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gnd_resistance_decay_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gnd_industrial_development_monthly_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gnd_poverty_development_monthly_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gnd_society_development_monthly_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gnd_income_growth_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gnd_production_speed_rail_way_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gnd_personal_expense_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gnd_inflation_monthly_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gnd_conscription_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gnd_monthly_population_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gnd_industry_repair_factor_var
	value = 0
}

#Great Society Dyanmic Modifier

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gs_political_power_gain_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gs_stability_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gs_stability_weekly_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gs_war_support_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gs_war_support_weekly_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gs_consumer_goods_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gs_industrial_capacity_factory_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gs_industrial_capacity_dockyard_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gs_production_factory_max_efficiency_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gs_line_change_production_efficiency_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gs_production_speed_buildings_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gs_production_speed_arms_factory_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gs_production_speed_industrial_complex_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gs_research_speed_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gs_compliance_growth_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gs_resistance_growth_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gs_resistance_decay_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gs_industrial_development_monthly_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gs_poverty_development_monthly_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gs_society_development_monthly_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gs_income_growth_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gs_production_speed_rail_way_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gs_personal_expense_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gs_inflation_monthly_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gs_inflation_monthly_factor_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gs_conscription_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gs_monthly_population_dynamic_var
	value = 0
}

set_variable = {
	var = USB_gs_industry_repair_factor_var
	value = 0
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "M1A2 Abrams"
		type = modern_tank_chassis_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_high_velocity_cannon_2
			turret_type_slot = tank_modern_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_welded_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gas_turbine_engine
			special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_1
			special_type_slot_2 = smoke_launchers
			special_type_slot_3 = wet_ammo_storage
			special_type_slot_4 = extra_ammo_storage
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 9
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 4
		}
		icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/armor/MBT_2006_M1A2_Abrams.dds"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "M1128 Stryker"
		type = light_tank_chassis_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_two_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_1
			special_type_slot_2 = extra_ammo_storage
			special_type_slot_3 = smoke_launchers
			special_type_slot_4 = empty
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 3
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
		}
		icon = "gfx/interface/technologies/armor/LT_2000_M1128_Stryker.dds"
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "MQ-9 Reaper"
		type = medium_plane_airframe_1
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = aircraft_cannon_1_2x
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = aircraft_cannon_1_2x
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_2 = empty
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_3 = empty
			engine_type_slot = engine_2_2x
			special_type_slot_1 = lmg_defense_turret_2x
			special_type_slot_2 = lmg_defense_turret_2x
			special_type_slot_3 = empty
		}
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "F-15E"
		type = small_plane_airframe_0
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = heavy_mg_4x
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = bomb_locks
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_2 = light_mg_4x
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
		icon = "GFX_USA_fighter2_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "F-16/IQ"
		type = small_plane_airframe_1
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = heavy_mg_4x
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = heavy_mg_4x
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_2 = light_mg_4x
			engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = hmg_defense_turret
		}
		icon = "GFX_USA_fighter3_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "A-10 Warthog"
		type = small_plane_cas_airframe_1
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_4x
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = light_mg_4x
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_2 = heavy_mg_4x
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_3 = heavy_mg_4x
			engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
			special_type_slot_1 = hmg_defense_turret
			special_type_slot_2 = hmg_defense_turret
		}
		icon = "GFX_USA_CAS2_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "B-52" 
		type = large_plane_airframe_1
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = aircraft_cannon_1_2x
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = empty
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_2 = empty
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_6x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
			special_type_slot_2 = empty
			special_type_slot_3 = empty

		}
		icon = "GFX_USA_strategic_bomber1_medium"
	}
	
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "B-1" 
		type = large_plane_airframe_1
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = aircraft_cannon_1_2x
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = empty
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_2 = empty
			engine_type_slot = engine_2_3x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
			special_type_slot_2 = empty
			special_type_slot_3 = bomb_sights_1

		}
		icon = "GFX_USA_strategic_bomber2_medium"
	}
	
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "B-2" 
		type = large_plane_airframe_1
		modules = {
			fixed_main_weapon_slot = aircraft_cannon_1_2x
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = aircraft_cannon_1_2x
			fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_2 = empty
			engine_type_slot = engine_1_4x
			special_type_slot_1 = empty
			special_type_slot_2 = empty
			special_type_slot_3 = empty

		}
		icon = "GFX_USA_strategic_bomber3_medium"
	}
}