# Academic Development Modifier, Adds to academic_development_var monthly
academic_development_monthly = {
	color_type = good
	value_type = percentage
	precision = 1
	category = country
}

# Poverty Development Modifier, Adds to farming_development_var monthly
farming_development_monthly = {
	color_type = good
	value_type = percentage
	precision = 1
	category = country
}

# Poverty Development Modifier, Adds to poverty_development_var monthly
poverty_development_monthly = {
	color_type = good
	value_type = percentage
	precision = 1
	category = country
}

# Industrial Development Modifier, Adds to industrial_development_var monthly
industrial_development_monthly = {
	color_type = good
	value_type = percentage
	precision = 1
	category = country
}

# Army Development Modifier, Adds to military_development_var monthly
military_development_monthly = {
	color_type = good
	value_type = percentage
	precision = 1
	category = country
}

# Society Development Modifier, Adds to society_development_var monthly
society_development_monthly = {
	color_type = good
	value_type = percentage
	precision = 1
	category = country
}
##	education_quality Modifier, Adds to education_quality_var monthly
education_quality_monthly = {
	color_type = good
	value_type = percentage
	precision = 1
	category = country
}

##	patent_number Modifier, Adds to patent_number_var monthly
patent_number_monthly = {
	color_type = good
	value_type = percentage
	precision = 1
	category = country
}

##	food_security Modifier, Adds to food_security_var monthly
food_security_monthly = {
	color_type = good
	value_type = percentage
	precision = 1
	category = country
}

##	tech_farming Modifier, Adds to tech_farming_var monthly
tech_farming_monthly = {
	color_type = good
	value_type = percentage
	precision = 1
	category = country
}

##	sustain_farming Modifier, Adds to sustain_farming_var monthly
sustain_farming_monthly = {
	color_type = good
	value_type = percentage
	precision = 1
	category = country
}

##	poverty_ratio Modifier, Adds to poverty_ratio_var monthly
poverty_ratio_monthly = {
	color_type = good
	value_type = percentage
	precision = 1
	category = country
}

##	poverty_gap Modifier, Adds to poverty_gap_var monthly
poverty_gap_monthly = {
	color_type = good
	value_type = percentage
	precision = 1
	category = country
}

##	structured_poverty Modifier, Adds to structured_poverty_var monthly
structured_poverty_monthly = {
	color_type = good
	value_type = percentage
	precision = 1
	category = country
}

##	export_structure Modifier, Adds to export_structure_var monthly
export_structure_monthly = {
	color_type = good
	value_type = percentage
	precision = 1
	category = country
}

##	energy_efficiency Modifier, Adds to energy_efficiency_var monthly
energy_efficiency_monthly = {
	color_type = good
	value_type = percentage
	precision = 1
	category = country
}

##	digitalization Modifier, Adds to digitalization_var monthly
digitalization_monthly = {
	color_type = good
	value_type = percentage
	precision = 1
	category = country
}

##	projection Modifier, Adds to projection_var monthly
projection_monthly = {
	color_type = good
	value_type = percentage
	precision = 1
	category = country
}

##	mobilization Modifier, Adds to mobilization_var monthly
mobilization_monthly = {
	color_type = good
	value_type = percentage
	precision = 1
	category = country
}

##	public_service Modifier, Adds to public_service_var monthly
public_service_monthly = {
	color_type = good
	value_type = percentage
	precision = 1
	category = country
}

##	social_equity Modifier, Adds to social_equity_var monthly
social_equity_monthly = {
	color_type = good
	value_type = percentage
	precision = 1
	category = country
}

##	social_sustainablity Modifier, Adds to social_sustainablity_var monthly
social_sustainablity_monthly = {
	color_type = good
	value_type = percentage
	precision = 1
	category = country
}

